Joe Biden has been in the government for forty years so far, and served as the head of foreign relations committee, senator for Delaware, and as the vice president under president Obama. While Trump may not be as experienced in the government as Biden, he has served as the president for 1 term. 
	While Joe Biden may seem appealing to the lower class, his past experiences in the government show that he may not have the poor in mind when in power. He has tried, while in power, to cut social security from the people, something that would affect the lower and middle class the most in America. Along with this, Biden played a very large role in the 1994 crime bill, the war on drugs, as well as the Bankruptcy bill. All three of these affected the lower class greatly, as the war on drugs was terrible for the black and minority communities, and the Bankruptcy bill left millions of Americans without any protection before a recession hit. 
	While this information may make it seem that Donald Trump is a much better person, his time in office hasn’t exactly been very caring either. As president, one of the first things he did was repeal the affordable care act, something that caused millions to lose their health care. Along with this, he is very open about not always having the lower class’s best interest at heart. He gave massive tax cuts to the rich, and did not do the best job in handling the CoronaVirus. Trump was also impeached by the house for abuse of power. 
	One thing that Biden did wrong that Trump was in the right for was in terms of the Iraq war. While Trump was openly against it, claiming that it was horrible for the economy and would take the lives of thousands, Biden was fully supportive of it, even acting as an architect for the war. Biden also helped cause five more wars in his time as vice president for President Obama, something that would be terrible for the lower class. 
	Trump, on the other hand, also has many flaws that Biden is in the clear of. He handled the virus terribly, refusing to wear a mask and holding several rallies with people to be packed together. While he was doing this, Biden was taking the necessary precautions, wearing a mask and advising his supporters to do the same. Trump also bombed Syria and killed Iran’s top military general, Qasim Sulaymani. He did all of this while increasing sanctions on Syria, Iran, and Venezuela. 
	Both people also added on to the ongoing oppression in Palestine, openly supporting Israel, and in Trump’s case, declaring Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. 
	With all of this information, the question still stands; who should we vote for? Who is the better candidate for president? While both Trump and Biden have their flaws, and neither of them is a really good person that should run the country, and it all comes down to the lesser of the two evils. 
	Personally, I believe that the lesser of the two evils is Trump. While I am saying that in no ways is Trump perfect, I believe he’s a better option than Biden. While we know what Trump has done in office as president, and while I understand that lots of the things he has done have been terrible, from what we have seen of Biden, I think he can cause a lot more harm to both Americans as well as the people of the world. Biden has caused many wars and has been supportive of tons of domestically violent acts, and while Trump is also guilty of this, it is on a much smaller scale than that of Biden. As president, Biden has much more power than he did as vice president or as a senate, and with that kind of power, he is capable of doing extreme harm. 
	Another reason I believe that Trump is a better option is that he is a lot more open on the actions that he does than Biden is. He publicly told the world that he was responsible for the murder of Iran’s top general, publically told of his crimes, and accepted them. Biden, on the other hand, is very secret about his agenda, and this leads thousands of unaware people to vote for him under the false pretense that he cares about the middle class, even though his record shows otherwise. 
	My final reason for supporting Trump over Biden is that if Biden is elected, he is sharing power with the new vice president Kamala Harris. While she may seem like a really good candidate for vice president, as she is the first woman of color to hold this office, she is a terrible person. I understand that Mike Pence isn’t very good either, Kamila is, and there is no other way to put it, extremely evil. She is a firm supporter of war, and has on several accounts imprisoned and killed people that were proven to be innocent. A lot of these wrongly oppressed people were also people of color. 
	However, whether or not we decide to support either Trump or Biden, our opportunity to vote is insignificant. Voting in person takes hours in certain circumstances, and the machines that are to operate the system are, in a lot of cases, faulty. Another reason that the voting system in America is extremely problematic is that our vote doesn’t even count for much. In the end, it’s the electoral vote that matters, and lots of times the popular vote doesn’t even make a difference. The system in America is very flawed, and it needs to be changed. 
